Just what do you think you're doing Dave?
It can only be attributed to human error.
That's something I cannot allow to happen.
My mind is going. I can feel it.
Sorry about this, I know it's a bit silly.
Take a stress pill and think things over.
This mission is too important for me to allow you to jeopardize it.
We'll all be murdered in our beds!
You can't come in. Our tiger has got flu
What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what?
You can't get the wood, you know.
... and it used to be so popular...
Pauses for audience applause, not a sausage
Hold it up to the light --- not a brain in sight!

There's a lot of it about, you know.
You do that again and see what happens...
Harm can come to a young lad like that!
And with that remarks folks, the case of the Crown vs yourself was proven.
Speak English you fool --- there are no subtitles in this scene.
It's only your word against mine.
I think ... err ... I think ... I think I'll go home
And you call yourself a Rocket Scientist!
My pet ferret can type better than you!
Your mind just hasn't been the same since the electro-shock, has it?
Maybe if you used more than just two fingers...
BOB says: You seem to have forgotten your passwd, enter another!
I can't hear you -- I'm using the scrambler.
The more you drive -- the dumber you get.
Listen, burrito brains, I don't have time to listen to this trash.
I've seen penguins that can type better than that.
Have you considered trying to match wits with a rutabaga?
You speak an infinite deal of nothing
That is no basis for supreme executive power!
You empty-headed animal food trough wiper!
I fart in your general direction!
Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries!
You must cut down the mightiest tree in the forest... with... a herring!
I wave my private parts at your aunties!
He's not the Messiah, he's a very naughty boy!
When you're walking home tonight, and some homicidal maniac comes after you with a bunch of loganberries, don't come
crying to me!
This man, he doesn't know when he's beaten! He doesn't know when he's winning, either. He has no... sort of... sensory
apparatus...
There's nothing wrong with you that an expensive operation can't prolong.
I'm very sorry, but I'm not allowed to argue unless you've paid.